# SciCloj landing-page

The main landing page for the SciCloj Clojure data science community, the starting page for discovering the SciCloj community activities and learning about relevant projects.

[Bulma.io CSS library](https://bulma.io/) and [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) are included in the project to assist with the visual design of the landing page.  Bulma styles can be applied to Clojure hiccup-style syntax, `[:h2 {:class "title has-text-centered"} "A Centered title"]`.  See the [practicalli/landing-page app](https://github.com/practicalli/practicalli-landing-page/blob/master/src/practicalli_landing_page/content.cljs) for more examples

## Basic Design
`resources/public/index.html` loads the ClojureScript application at the `<div id="app"></div>` location.  Using the `<script src="cljs-out/dev-main.js" type="text/javascript">` declaration that points to the file generated by building the ClojureScript application.

The main page of the ClojureScript application is defined in the `scicloj.landing-page/page` function, as configured in the `(defn mount [element] (rdom/render [page] element))` system function.

## Development

Project created with [clj-new](http://practicalli.github.io/clojure/clojure-tools/projects/create.html) and [Clojure CLI tools](http://practicalli.github.io/clojure/clojure-tools/using-clojure-tools.html)

```shell
clojure -X:project/new :template figwheel-main :name scicloj/landing-page :args '["--reagent"]'
```

To get an interactive development environment run:

    clojure -M:figwheel:build

This will auto compile and send all changes to the browser without the
need to reload. After the compilation process is complete, you will
get a Browser Connected REPL. An easy way to try it is:

    (js/alert "Am I connected?")

and you should see an alert in the browser window.


## Using an editor and terminal REPL
Start a REPL in the terminal with support for nREPL and CIDER middleware (Cider, Calva, Conjure)

```shell
clojure -M:figwheel:middleware/cider-cljs
```

Open the project in the editor and with `deps.edn` or a `.cljs` file open from the project, select the connect command in the editor.

Select `Clojure CLI tools`

Select `figwheel-main`

Select `dev` build

## Using an Editor to Jack-in
Cider and Calva should start the project correctly, as long as the `:figwheel` alias is added to the jack-in command.

In Cider, use `C-u` (SPC-u in Spacemacs) followed by the `cider-jack-in-cljs` command to edit the Leiningen or Clojure CLI command and add `:figwheel` to the existing alias on the command line shown in the mini-buffer

In Calva, select the `:figwheel` checkbox for aliases


## Test project
Run project tests using the command:

    clojure -M:figwheel:test


## Build project
To clean all compiled files:

    rm -rf target/public

Create a build in the `/docs` directory and

    rm -rf target/public
    clojure -M:figwheel:live

Commit the changed `/docs/js/scicloj-landing-page.js` file to the Git repository and push to GitHub.  After a few minutes the new version of the landing page will be available at https://scicloj.github.io/scicloj/landing-page-application

## License

Copyright © 2018 SciCloj

Distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 4.0 International
